Id is a unique identifier for a specific element on a page. The goal is to clearly convey what the element is without being unnecessarily verbose. The class attribute is also an identifier and selector value for HTML elements. These elements may have more than one class assignment and are separated by a space. The div element offers developers a block-level element to group other elements together. Divs can be singular or nested within each other. This element increases readability. The span element serves to identify or group content together that requires organization or extra styling. It is possible to have multiple span elements inside a div. The span element is handy when identifying text that needs to appear visually unique on the rendered HTML page.


The alternative text attribute is used in the context of adding images in HTML. It is used by screen readers for those who are visually impaired, so it is necessary to provide a detailed description, especially in the case where an image is necessary to understand the content of the page.


I decided to change my routine this week. I started reading the materials on the website on Sunday night and I was able to digest what I learned and started typing out my answers to the README document. I then watched the walkthrough to get an understanding of what I needed to do to get full credit for this assignment. I then did research on my favorite song and gathered the necessary elements to incorporate into this assignment. Then on Monday, I got to work on assembling assignment 7 and turned it in that evening. 
