My client owns a shoe boutique store and wanted a website to reflect the Air Jordan Brand. My client wanted color schemes that were consistent with Michael Jordan such as red, black, and powder blue. My client needed a site that captures the essence of Michael Jordan.

When utilizing display: block, items will be displayed individually using long bars, are not separated by a margin and results are displayed going from top to bottom. Display:inline items are displayed together in one box, have no separation and are displayed going from side to side. Inline:block items are displayed individually in their own boxes, are separated by a margin and results are going from side to side.

I went back and watched last weeks video that got posted after I completed the assignment to get a better idea of how to better develop websites and prepare me for this assignment. I spent Thanksgiving weekend trying to understand where I went wrong in assignment 11 and I now have a better understanding of certain concepts. I watched the walkthrough for this assignment multiple times before I even started the assignment so that I could understand Dr. Evans mindset when she is developing websites. I continue to struggle with creating aesthetically pleasing finished products, but I hope you will grade more based on effort as opposed to the beauty of my finished product. I typically thrive in all my classes, but this one is giving me fits and worries and I clearly need to seek tutoring services to help me before the final. 
