In all my travels of browsing the web, I have come across a plethora of different forms that allowed me to achieve a desired outcome. On all my social media accounts, I am required to enter my credentials onto a login page which is a type of form where I have to input a password. I come across many forms on a daily basis when I use Moodle and Cyberbear to complete my coursework. I use drop down boxes for answering test questions, and upload word documents to my professors. The purpose that these forms serve is to collect data and information from people on websites.

Let's say for sake of argument that you want to check how much money you have left in your bank account after spending $475 on a velvet painting of Elvis. You would hop onto your phone or laptop and get onto the login page for your bank. You try to login with the credentials that have granted you access in the past, but unbeknownst to you, it has for some reason failed you this time. You go to a password retrieval page that asks you to enter an answer to the system question "Who is your childhood hero". You would of course enter into a text box "Harambe", which would then grant you access to change your password. In this particular example, the text box is an example of text input. A real-life example of selection input would be when a webpage utilizes the checkbox element for users to select zero, one, or more options. This could be used in instances such as a "how did you hear about us" question on a form. An example of when a button input would be implemented on a webpage is possibly when there is a submit button for a homework assignment on Moodle.

My work cycle for this assignment is similar to the process of when people eat an elephant. One bite at a time. I anticipated the due dates for this assignment earlier than other assignments and on my first day, I was able to view the module associated with this assignment and watch the walkthrough. The next day, instead of putting my toe in the water, I immersed myself in the content and did the best I could to complete the assignment. On the final day, I made sure I fulfilled every requirement that was asked of me so that I could potentially receive optimal credit. Upon completion of this assignment, I was then in the process of turning it in when all of a sudden I became a preacher named McGee. I touched my assignment and blessed it and said it could be. Then I proceeded to turn it in. 
