I learned a great deal about web development. The biggest point of emphasis for me was being able to understand how to get my website online, and making sure it stays online. It was a blessing having tools such as Git version control. It acted as a database that tracked the changes I was making and it allowed me to revert back to previous versions. Github is a standard industry tool used in both commercial and research facilities. I believe having the opportunity to use Github prepared me to be a better future collaborator.

I was able to understand the basics of web design and integrate many different elements to make lovely pieces of art. I hit a snag when learning about positioning and it was incredibly difficult for me to understand. Web design is like accounting because everything has to be incredibly organized. They say every debit must have a credit, well, every html element must have an opening and a closing. Unlike accounting though, web design inspires creativity. I made sure I paid close attention when learning about applying elements such as color, text, media, and forms. There are really cool color names like 'Papayawhip' and there are three different ways to summon them in html. Applying text from an outside source is critical, the system fonts like serif just won't cut it if you are trying to get ahead. It was monumental for me to learn how to be able to apply a video from an outside source like youtube and have it appear organically on my page using iframes. What I found to be most useful was when we discussed how to create forms and submit buttons. I found this to be useful from an enterprising perspective because I can create a payment form for people to buy my goods in the future.

I knew back on Halloween that this project was going to be the dragon I would have to slay this semester in order to potentially get Straight A's. I finished the coursework in all my other classes on December 7th so that I could focus all my efforts on this project. I spent considerable time watching the walkthroughs over the last few weeks on 'positioning' and 'CSS Website' and reading the material off the websites. I then decided to use a humorous theme, ultimately forgoing a cheesy-looking professional site, and instead deciding that being myself and being humorous has gotten me to this point of having success, and I have to be willing to live and die by the sword.  I started this project on December 7. I believe I spent close to 15 hours on this project in total.   
